Hello, still a little reviewer
such
means feather protection two such
naborchik there they are very poorly distinguishable
since very little did not expect
anyone consider this
here are such things here are
so they dress on feather bed
has cut into 4 pieces
and now we will try and want on our
vendetta like
comes tight enough
here on tightly tight enough wring
such a thing turned into us
plumage protection
that is, it seems like we are not afraid
hit
other darts
then these three things took on
sample
It means a little bit of a different form, that is, in
this form
conical such a thing
conic taken out strutto
has passed
it will become her steel
another form a little bit
she has a burr on the end to
maybe here on his take out you now
look how comfortable it is
such three things I have here a burr
this will put them here separately and such
nail burr puts on 4 slots too
this whole thing is plumage
tight enough here worn keeps
form and such
wants to be removed at the ends due to
This is something easier than a protrusion
a little bit
doing a little easier
It means it is increased in the form now I tell you this
all show well in the grief of personal video
See these things on the ad
small enough children if i take
now ticker
appreciate their skin they are sized
eat that is they actually and how much 7
millimeters
then it's a form of protection in the tail
Here is such a protrusion for his nail
convenient to cling and let's remove
pacification well let's say let's get it
will dress
change how he
walks fairly dense until the end
I won't push him well enough
and then
children have such protection
Yes, I picked up a nail, it means
next next thing is also protection on
Perine such see this has
conical shape
function also try and fasten
that's all kind of like your
denser does not want to capture
but
know and not really want
Here is such a thing
here compare these two for protection
the wind is different as well and protection which
walked along with the unicorn darts black
star that is she
see what form it has not
cut into four pieces cut
only 2 has such a bit
the conical form of two sides
that is, she clings to this
diagonally so here he
send goes here and the second goes
the opposite part and more comfortable to wear
this protection when the plumage is still complex and
then here
here you take this protection here
center time the plumage straightened and
word and so here are three different kinds
showed
rate what you like best
here it is with a ledge in order to nail
well extract it turns out so
how conical at the end is this protection
on plumage from unicorn
she, too, well enough removed
here you are
like if you liked this video and
subscribe to the channel to be aware
bye bye